Oh
so starting up I'm gonna take some
colors from my specialty neutral wrapped
I'll be passing this color here which is
called phantom alright
now I'm going to chocolate eyes myself
because I don't feel like I'm chocolate
enough gonna go ahead and start to
chocolate eyes myself
so the brows are pretty much done I went
into some concealer and shaped them a
little bit better okay she wore her
eyebrows obviously very pump Rakesh take
some black eyeshadow and just kind of
fill that in love it
now her makeup was never really neat and
I'm trying to go for a real true grace
look so we're not going for super neat
we got a true Grace Jones
I'm gonna go over it with the red glass